Yes. Very helpful. Thank you so much. I’ll implement the changes you suggested and send you an updated deck. Thanks again and have a great rest of your time off. Sorry to have bothered you, and thanks again. 

From: Clinton Tepper <ctepper@icapitalnetwork.com>
Sent: Friday, July 12, 2024 11:26:38 AM
To: Arnav Sheth <asheth@icapitalnetwork.com>
Subject: Re: PNCI presentation.
 
Hi Arnav,
 
I think 4 and 5 are roughly at the right level, though the text needs some focus and refinement (which is fine at this stage, it’s an early draft).
 
For the rest, I would bring it up a level.
 
Slides 6-10 (or even including slide 5) could be distilled to a single slide or two- basically you are doing a regularized regression of the factors on the asset classes to identify the covariation. Avoid terms like multi-colinearity, linear algebra, orthogonal, etc. If you want to be fancy you could say we are doing some light machine learning to enhance the regression. I would just have an info graphic that went something like asset class indexes => ML-identified core drivers => G3 factor returns- this could be something like a less technical version of the slide 6 graphic. Then explain how we then plug in the PNCI CMAs to get the factor returns based on this relationship. Use some judgement- I think its ok to think of these as finance-centric MBA/CFA level practitioners. This altogether could be about 1-3 slides.

Slide 11 could be refined to be more intuitive and less technical, but the overall message is on point.

Slide 12 is (necessary and useful) appendix material- I don’t think we need to get into the risk side for this audience unless we get questions, though we could verbally mention it at a high level.

I’d motivate the methodology by discussing the importance of having forward views on return and risk for both sizing positions and SAA.
Any results slides would come after the methodology. A few live examples would probably be helpful.
 
Hope this is helpful,
Clinton
 
From: Arnav Sheth <asheth@icapitalnetwork.com>
Date: Friday, July 12, 2024 at 7:02 AM
To: Clinton Tepper <ctepper@icapitalnetwork.com>
Subject: Re: PNCI presentation.

For what it’s worth, I had originally planned to use the flow charts from my original methodology doc written about a month ago.
 
Attached is what I had planned before I spoke with Jess (slightly modified since we last spoke – I added screenshots and made a few minor changes to the flow charts). To this, I will add some results from Aniket, using PNCI’s CMAs.
 
What do you think of this? Is this better? Or too technical?
 
Sorry for the multiple emails.
 
From: Clinton Tepper <ctepper@icapitalnetwork.com>
Date: Thursday, July 11, 2024 at 7:57 PM
To: Arnav Sheth <asheth@icapitalnetwork.com>
Subject: Re: PNCI presentation.

Hi Arnav,
 
Per our conversation, I mean my feedback in as constructive a manner as possible. In the future, please message me when you are confused on the direction- I almost always will respond to e-mail while on vacation within 48 hours, and usually within a day.
 
 
Slide 8 is a good start- I would use it to organize the methodology that you will present. However, the point of the slide could be clearer- we take the externally provided CMAs, use them to project the factors, and use those to project the assets (risk and return). The optimization then can use these inputs.
Slides 2-7 are not usable in their present form. Much of this is copy and pasted verbatim (slides 2-4,6) or from the speaker notes (slide 5). We can insert G3 slides, if we wish, where it makes sense, but they have seen all these slides in past presentations- for some of them, they have seen it multiple times. I’ll have the G3 quant deck available in any case.
As discussed, please run the model and create factor projections using their CMAs, and present the results in an interesting format. I think it’s fine to only project a couple of assets, but live numbers will make this concrete. You could also work with Aniket to use G3 to create a histogram (or some other visualization/table) for potential asset level results- this is probably as far as we want to go, and only for a few important sample assets.
Eventually we will want to run this through an optimizer, but I think we can hold off on that for now (though I may check with Jess there).
 
All that said, I am quite happy with your work in general, and greatly appreciate your contribution to the group. Please let me know if you have any questions about the above.
 
Safe travels,
Clinton
 
 
From: Arnav Sheth <asheth@icapitalnetwork.com>
Date: Thursday, July 11, 2024 at 6:18 PM
To: Aniket Inamdar <ainamdar@icapitalnetwork.com>, Kunpeng Lin <klin@icapitalnetwork.com>
Cc: Clinton Tepper <ctepper@icapitalnetwork.com>
Subject: PNCI presentation.

Hi All,
 
We have a call with PNCI on Monday July 29 for the factor projection/optimization. I need your help to finalize the attached deck. How much do we want to add about the optimization methodology and issues? Also, I’m a little unsure on what technical aspect to include in the deck since I spoke with Jess on Tuesday about this presentation and our past relationship with PNCI.
 
Here are the highlights of my conversation with her. This will, hopefully, put the deck into context.
They are a very friendly bunch; almost the anti-Alphacore.
All are non-PhDs, and we should try and say at the 10,000 foot level as far as possible.
Nick Bailey (senior member of their group) asked how we derive SI and alts CMAs, and Jess thought it would be good to share our factor projection/optimization methodology.
They are trying to attach a sleeve of alts to their model portfolios.
As of now they have their own CMAs, but they might be interested in iCMAs once they are out.
They use “harmonization” instead of portfolio optimization so I’ve used that word in the deck.
 
We will have a dry run with Jess on Friday July 26. I am back in office on July 25. I’m available through my vacation, though the time zones will be a bit off (I’m in Mongolia). Also, connectivity might be an issue.
 
Thanks,
Arnav
 